hey guys what's going on this is hunter
Starcraft and today I'm going to be
kicking off my casting day with a
best-of-three between two of the best
Asian players in the whole world
Spalding at the bottom line position of
Seldovia caverns we have a red Protoss
player with two gsl championships under
his belt he's basically the best protest
player in the world ogs MC sure a lot of
you were very familiar with MC and yeah
he's just such a beast especially in
this particular matchup protesters tear
and MC is a lot of success so our Terran
player blue Terran at the top right
position it's definitely gonna have to
bring his a-game today we have loaner
also very well-known Asian player he's
basically the best player hailing from
China right now he's been in the protein
of starcraft 2 you know way back in the
beta as well and has had a lot of
success done a lot of traveling I
believe he spent some time in Korea as
well so I me so I can big things for him
should be a good matchup it is the best
of three as I mentioned before so I'm
excited me hasten series for you guys as
MC just put down his first gateway he's
going to have to scout a little bit
sooner than lower is going to have to
scout just because if you're scouting a
Terran player I mean they get the
barracks up pretty fast and Marines are
out before you know it so you have to
get that scouting done right away
whereas as a Terran player you're going
to even see he's sending his SUV out a
little bit later and that's just because
the Protoss player at least needs a
cybernetics core before they can build
any units that are going to be able to
deal with a scout one a simulator on the
way chrome who's being used on the Nexus
the pile and going down behind the
mineral line as well
it's really good to spread out your
pylons helped so much for vision spread
them all around the perimeter of your
base helps you know defend against drops
it allows you to you know work in units
on the low ground and the out working
units wherever they need to be too
especially to defend against a Terran
player like this just cybernetics core
on the way nothing unorthodox just yet a
simulator has the second simulator has
gone down as well this probe is forced
out as the Marine has arrived and a
second barracks as well still just
mining off of one gas wondering where
loaner is actually going to take this
build if he's going to go really
infantry heavy and possibly put down
even more barracks or if he's going to
move on to a factory shortly possibly a
second gas it's going to keep an eye out
for that the first sell it on the way
out and the working research is well on
the way second assimilator definitely
saturated and that can certainly point
us in the direction of any number of
tech builds could possibly be a for gate
with a very heavy century presence but
i'm leaning a bit towards tech we'll
just have to wait and see robotics is
very common to get out quickly in pvt
it's a very safe opener and there you go
makes me feel good as a caster robotics
facility one down just because you need
that observer out in case your opponent
is going banshees and as we can plainly
see there's there's almost no scouting
going on in the Terran base MC has done
very little scouting at this point so
yeah it's definitely going to be
pretty pivotal to get that observer out
just as quick as possible i'm choosing a
chrono boosted as well second gateway on
the way and knock chrono boost ii any
more probes he is saving up quite a bit
of chrono boost not boosting out or
paper research I'm sure he's going to
loot use at least one on the observer
well you really only can use what names
are a lot poorer probe gets executed by
a handful of Marines along with a
Marauder as well now moving out to the
center of the map with this SCV they may
try to pressure the front door but now
with two centuries out it seems to me
that MC will be able to at least delay
this type of aggression to the point
that MC will have an appropriate force
to deal with its warp gates just as
warping in whatever you want to call
that transforming from gateways into
warp gates there you go a couple of
stalkers out and are we going to see a
wasted forcefield no no MC not too
overeager with that F button on his
centuries it doesn't want to waste any
energy that SUV doesn't get taken out
though and the Marines Marauders are
forced back but loner stills good map
control is going to be hanging out of
both cell Nagas I wonder if he's going
to actually spot the observer so it's
really important especially at this pro
level of play to know where your
opponent's observers are at and you know
if you're willing to burn a mule to take
one out it's often worth it as well but
this scouting Intel absolutely vital he
sees the 2 reactor barracks and of
course the tech lab
the tech lab factory as well and look at
this this is actually inspiring MC to
move out it could very well be the case
that MC does not want to wait for loaner
to get siege mode and you know amass two
or three siege tanks even because that
splash damage is just so deadly so it
looks like we're going to have our
Protoss player trying to bust up the
ramp right away for centuries to zealots
two stalkers and he's actually expanding
behind this as well with a couple of
stalkers back home to defend a couple of
force fields isolating the Marines and
the front isolating the Marines on the
ramp and this I mean the stalkers and
centuries are going to be able to easily
out range the units that are stuck
behind the force field and it just
allows for a lot of free marine kills I
mean very I don't even think MC even
lost a unit one centuries down to one
hit point but he didn't even seem to
lose a unit there this observer is just
going to keep an eye on the on the
Terran army and and loner here looking
to move out he's this is not an all in
though he still got a ton of mining
going on he is pulling a few suvs just
55 s CBS to repair 233 siege tanks but a
couple of 2i CVS get sniped already and
these stalkers move faster than any
units in the Terran army at this point
so they are they are able to do some
nice kiting no concussive she'll know
stimpack so I mean MC could very well
hold this and he's going to have to he
is expanding behind it and look out for
the force fields wonder if he's going to
use force fields or
just save for guardian shield MC does
not want to let that bunker go up either
where we've got four warp gates right
now and one robotics facility nothing to
be produced on the robotics but hold
that thought this is a giant engagement
these two siege tanks are doing a lot of
squash damage these zealots though going
to work on the infantry the force field
to prevent the infantry from running
away and the stalkers do a great job of
focusing down those siege tanks the sea
shank numbers just weren't there to
siege tanks at the front lines maybe a
third one that got killed a moment ago
but you know you get to that critical
value of siege tanks like you know five
or six and they just start doing crazy
crazy splash damage especially against
armored units but I mean it got a hand
attempts to did a great job holding this
attack off so we're going to move on to
game two I don't remember what map it's
on but it should be a good game as well
as excited to cast this one and looking
forward to finishing off this series so
yes we're going to jump right into game
to be sure to tune in to that one peace
out guys